---
layout: post
title:  "Only 30 years of Civilization left"
categories: [ "climate change" ]
tags: [ climatechange ]
image: assets/images/refugees.jpg
description: "If nothing changes, human civilization could end by 2050."
featured: true
comments: true
---

We might not last long enough to enjoy centuries of hell according to a [new report](https://www.breakthroughonline.org.au/publications) by the Breakthrough National Centre for Climate Restoration. Human civilization might be over in only a few decades if we stick to our current approach of minimal action. As the report states "Current processes will not deliver either the speed or the scale of change required." To avoid catastrophe, a response in the magnitude of World War II is required, but the lack of political will to take action is dooming us all.

In a very possible 2050 scenario, the report claims one billion people will become climate refugees and the earth won't be unable to produce enough food to feed everyone. North America will suffer from devastating weather extremes including wildfires, heatwaves and drought and other places such as the Middle East and West Africa will become too hot for humans to survive.

>Warming of 4°C or more could reduce the global human population by 80% or 90%, and the World Bank reports “there is no certainty that adaptation to a 4°C world is possible”

This all make you wonder, how can politicians like Mitch McConnell, who are intelligent enough to get elected multiple times, completely disregard the risks of climate change? The only logical conclusion is that their hidden agenda is actually the destruction of humanity and the end of civilization. The republican, evangelical right is actively seeking to destroy our planet and play out the biblical rapture so that they can join Christ in heaven. The scary thing is that it's working, and whether you believe it or not, you will get to witness the end of our sinful civilization during your lifetime, and what a terrible show it will be. 
