---
layout: post
title:  "Summer climate events"
categories: [ "weather" ]
tags: [ climatechange ]
image: assets/images/calfire.jpg
description: "Fires, heat, and hurricanes."
featured: false
comments: true
---

More than 13,000 lightning strikes in California this august started hundreds of fires. So far this year 7,000 fires in California have burned 1.4 million acres, and there are currently around 625 active fires. The San Francisco Bay Area is surrounded by multiple massive fires including the 368,868 acre LNU complex, the 368,671 SCU complex, and the 81,333 CZU complex. If Covid-19 wasn't enough to convince people to leave maybe the most polluted air in the world and scorched mountain trails will be the final nail in Silicon Valley's coffin.

Death Valley hit 130F (54.4C) August 16th which might be the hottest temperature ever recorded on earth, depending on the questioned accuracy of Death Valley's previously recorded 134 F in 1913. Wether or not it's the record, 130 is hellishly hot.

The 2020 Atlantic hurricane season is the first hurricane season on record in which nine tropical storms formed before August and thirteen formed before September. Hurricane Laura and Marco almost became the first two hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico at the same time. Marco is the earliest M on record. Laura is tied with a hurricane from more than 160 years ago for the strongest storm to hit the state of Louisiana with 150 MPH winds.

The Arctic sea ice coverage (extent) for July 2020 was the smallest ever for July in the 42-year record, 23.1% below the 1981–2010 average, according to the [National Snow and Ice Data Center](https://nsidc.org/). 

With a monthly mean maximum temperature of 33.3 degrees C (91.94F), Hong Kong had it's hottest July on record.

Australia had below average July rainfall setting the stage for another brutal fire season.